FOR: /do/setup/attribute/list

h1. Attributes

Attributes specify the fields used to describe objects in the object editor. Each *type* specifies the attributes used to describe objects of that type.

Click on an attribute name to show information about it.

_Aliased attributes_ are shown, indented, under the attribute they alias.

Click on  _New attribute_ at the bottom of the attributes list to create a new attribute -- but consider aliasing another attribute if it's more appropriate.

h2. Aliased attributes

In some situations, while an Attribute accurately describes the data entered, the name is inappropriate in context. For example, the _Subject_ attribute is used for People objects so that you can find relevant people to talk to about the subject, but should be presented to the user as _Expertise_. You can't say that a person is 'about' a subject!

In this case, you use an aliased attribute to rename the field in the object editor, so it makes sense and accurately describes what you need to enter.

h2. Special attributes

*Title* is the only special attribute. Every object must have a title, to display as links to objects and in search results. However, 'title' is not always an appropriate field name, so you can alias it. For example, People objects use the _Name_ alias of _Title_, and use the _Person's name_ data type to help enter names accurately.

h4. Further help

[[Attribute information]]
[[Aliased attribute information]]
[[Edit attribute]]
[[Edit aliased attribute]]

