FOR: /do/edit?new=2012

h1. Creating intranet pages

Go to: 

* _Add_
* Choose _Intranet page_

Enter the title (compulsory) and subject (optional) of your page. 

h2. Text formatting

Type the text you want displayed on the Intranet page into the text field.  To format a line of text, place your cursor anywhere on the line, and click on the p to the left of the line.

Choose the option you wish to use for this line of text:

Paragraph: normal paragraph text
Heading 1: largest title
Heading 2: large title
Heading 3: medium title
Heading 4: small title

Textual formatting applies to the line for which it has been created, not the text. So if you move text to a different line after you've formatted it the formatting will be lost and need to be re-entered.

If you enter a web address (URL), it'll be automatically turned into a hyperlink which you can click to visit that page.

h2. Embedded links to other items

To add links to other items to your Intranet page:

* place your cursor in the text field where you would like the link embedded
* click on the + sign to the left of the text editing box
* choose _Add content_ 
*  _Open new window to select_
* search for the items you wish to embed into your webpage
* once found, add them to your tray
* click on _Close_ in the top right of the pop-up window
* once back on your new Intranet page, ensure your cursor is where you wish to embed links to the items you've gathered
*  click on the + sign appearing to the left of the text editor
* choose _Add content_
* either choose to add _Everything in the tray_ or choose each item individually.

To delete the embedded links click on the - symbol to the right of the embedded items.

If, when choosing to _Open new window to select_ the new window does not pop-up, check your browser settings to ensure you allow pop-ups from this site.

h2. Adding an image

To display an image on an Intranet page, go to the relevant Intranet page and click the _edit_ button in the top right. 

First, upload the image file to the Intranet page by clicking on _Upload file_ at the bottom of the form. Once the file has uploaded:

* place your cursor in the text field where you would like the image displayed
* click on the + to the left of the text field
* choose _Insert file_ and choose the image file you wish to display
* choose the size of the image and position
* ticking the _Link to download_ box will enable users to click on the image and download the full sized image
* add an optional caption to describe it.

The image will be automatically resized to a file size appropriate for viewing over the Internet. 

h2. Embedding a search

To embed a permanently running search into your page:

* place your cursor in the text field where you would like the search embedded
* click on the + sign appearing at the left of the text editing box
* choose _Add widget_
* choose _Search_ 
* enter your search terms in the box that appears (to embed a search for a particular type of material ie news, enter type:news)
* choose how your search results will display:
_In all permitted..._ choose your search subset
_Sort by..._ choose the order of your search results
_Full listing..._ choose whether the listing will be large or small, or as a calendar (for events only)
_Show all..._ choose whether results will be displayed in one long list, or to show 10 results to a page
_Search within link..._ choose whether to show a search box at the top of the search results, or a link to a search box, or none
_Limit results to..._ choose to limit results for items such as news where you only wish to display the most recent

To delete the embedded search click on the - symbol to the right of the embedded search.

h2. Using HTML

To use HTML in your page:

* place your cursor where you would like to add the HTML
* click on the + sign appearing to the left of the text editing box
* choose _Add widget_
* choose _HTML_
* enter your HTML in the box which appears

To delete the HTML click on the - symbol to the right of the HTML.

Some commonly used HTML tags:

h3. Link to a website

On the webpage only the text "Find out more about ABC Widgets" will appear with the words, ABC Widgets, linked to the website www.abcwidgets.com:

<pre>
Find out more about <a href="http://www.abcwidgets.com/">ABC Widgets</a>
</pre>

h3. Link to a website which opens in a new window

To open a new window when the link to ABC Widgets is clicked, add the target="_blank" instruction:

<pre>
Find out more about <a href="http://www.abcwidgets.com/" target="_blank">ABC Widgets</a>
</pre>

h3. Link to an email address

Clicking on the word "email" will create a new email with the email address webmaster@abcwidgets.com automatically added to the To field:

<pre>
Please <a href="mailto:webmaster@abcwidgets.com">email </a>me for more information
</pre>

h4. Further help

[[Using the editor]]
[[Creating news items]]

