FOR: /do/setup/email_templates/edit
FOR: /do/setup/email_templates/new

h1. Edit email template

Editing an email template requires knowledge of HTML and CSS.

By default, the colours used in the email are chosen from the colours used for the ONEIS sytem.

* _Name_: of the template, used to choose the template in other parts of the system management.
* _Description_: notes about the template (only viewable to  administrators)
* _Purpose_: What the template will be used for. Some choices of template will only include templates for a given purpose.
* _From (email address)_: the 'from' address on the sent emails (the default is the administrator of your ONEIS). Set this to a valid address for the responsible individual in your organisation.
* _From (name)_: the name shown in the from field of the email
* _Extra CSS_: Additional CSS included in the HTML, to customise the look of the email.
* _Branding (plain)_: Text which appears at the top of the plain text version of this email. Use the interpolated strings listed above where required.
* _Branding (HTML)_: HTML which appears at the top of the HTML version of this email. Use the interpolated strings listed above where required.
* _Header_: HTML for the header of the email. This will be converted into plain text for the text version. Use the interpolated strings listed above where required.
* The generated text for the email will be inserted between the header and footer.
* _Footer_: HTML for the footer of the email. This will be converted into plain text for the text version. Use the interpolated strings listed above where required.

h2. Preview

* _Preview (HTML)_: preview the HTML email on screen below the email template editor
* _Preview (plain)_: preview the plain email on screen below the email template editor 
* _Send preview email_: sends a preview email to you. 
