FOR: /do/setup/taxonomy/add

h1. New taxonomy

Taxonomies should be created sparingly, as using too many could confuse when describing items.

h3. Taxonomy name

Use a short name for the taxonomy. This will be used as the top level term of the taxonomy in the user interface, such as Browse and the item editor, but this highest level term can't be used to describe an item.

h3. Type

You can have more than one type of taxonomy. When setting up an taxonomy attribute, you choose which of the taxonomy types the attribute will use. By having multiple taxonomy types, you can use different sets of taxonomies in different attributes.

For flexibility, tend towards creating a new type for each taxonomy, unless the taxonomies are definitely related.

If you create a new type and attribute pair, you will need to add this attribute to other types before you can use it to describe items.

h3. Section

Sections control who can see and who can edit the taxonomy.

For flexibility, create a new section for each taxonomy, which allows you to set up permissions on a per-taxonomy basis. For smaller systems, or where you have several related taxonomies, you may wish to group taxonomies together in a section.

Sections created here copy the permissions from the _Classification_ section. After creation, you can edit access permissions for the taxonomy section by editing permissions as normal in the in the Groups menu.

Taxonomy sections are automatically added to any Search subset which includes the Classification section. You can edit this after creation in the Search subsets menu.

h2. Editing your taxonomy

The automatic taxonomy creation sets up a type, attribute, and section for the new taxonomy. You can edit any of these using the normal type, attribute and section editors in System Management.
